# nuke.rotopaint
The Python interface for RotoPaint
Use help(‘_rotopaint’) to get detailed help on the classes exposed here.
Functions  Convert a directory containing NUKE 7 roto scripts in one containing the old format.---  Convert a directory containing NUKE 6 roto scripts in one containing the new format.  Convert a script containing NUKE 7 roto in one containing the old format.  Convert a script containing NUKE 6 roto in one containing the new format.

Classes  A collection of named attributes.---  An animated transform, where each part of the transform is represented as a curve over time.  An animated control point.  An animated curve.  A key value in a parametric curve represented as a value at a particular time.   A base class for animated curves.  A 4x4 matrix with methods for affine transformations.  A transform at a single point in time.  A 2-component vector.  A 3-component vector.  A 4-component vector.  A control point at a particular point in time.  A baked out curve for a specific frame and view.  The knob which holds the tree of paint elements (Layers, Shapes and Strokes).  Constants for use in parameters which require a curve type.  The base class for the different types of elements you can create in the RotoPaint node.  Constants for use in parameters which require an extrapolation type.  A base class for objects which have a set of flags that can be set.  Constants for use in parameters which require a flag type.  A hash value for any number of objects.  Constants for use in parameters which require an interpolation type.  A layer, used to group other elements in the paint tree.  Constants for use in parameters which require a rotation order.  A Roto or SplineWarp shape, which may be animated.  A control point in a roto shape.  A paint stroke, which may be animated.  Constants for use in parameters which require a transform order.