# nukescripts
Various Nuke scripts
Functions  Add a function to the list of callbacks.---  Add a new snapping function to the list.  Return an iterator which yields all nodes in the current script.       Return a selected point from the active viewer or the first viewer with a selection.  Returns a single VertexInfo for a selected point.  Automatically puts a backdrop behind the selected nodes.  Run the CurveTool's AutoCrop function on each selected node over the specified frame range and channels.  averageNormal(selectionThreshold -> _nukemath.Vector3 Return a _nukemath.Vector3 which is the average of the normals of all selected points  Return a _nukemath.Vector3 which is the average of the normals of all selected points    Calculate the average position of all points.    Calculate the average position of all points.  Get the size of the bounding box of all the selected points Avoid zero size to allow inverse scaling (1/scale)  Get the rotation vector  Call the snapping function on a node.  Returns the correct camera class for the 3D system in use.  Calculate the projection matrix for the camera based on its knob values.  Iterates through the points the point and checks if all of them are collinear.   Iterates through the points the point and checks if all of them are collinear.  Clears all caches.  Sets all nodes to unselected, including in child groups.  Set all selected nodes to be the same colour as the first selected node.  Connect the selected node to the given input index of the active viewer.   Returns a copy of the given stage.  Create a camera node based on the values set in the given unreal reader node  Create a node within the context of the last hit group.  Create a read node for the rendered output    Create a Read node for a file selected from the file browser.
rtype
    `list`  Handle data drops by invoking the list of callback functions until one has handled the event  If frames is not iterable (i.e it's a single number) we create an array with the single frame   Execute the callable 'call' with optional arguments 'args' and named arguments 'kwargs' i n Nuke's main thread and return immediately.  Execute the callable 'call' with optional arguments 'args' and named arguments 'kwargs' in Nuke's main thread and wait for the result to become available.    Disconnect all arrows between selected and unselected nodes, and move selected nodes to the right.  Helper function for finding the max version of a paticular script in it's current directory.    Runs an arbitrary command on the images output by a node.  Run framecycler on a Read or Write node.  Returns true if a value is very close to zero.  Adds two vectors ensuring the coordinates are actually 0.0 if they are 0.0001 of zero.  Returns true if a value is very close to zero.  Adds two vectors ensuring the coordinates are actually 0.0 if they are 0.0001 of zero.  Translate/rotate/scale the specified node to the average position of the current vertex selection on the stage.  Determine the correct knob name prefix for the Axis knob names by checking the originating knob that triggered the snap menu action.  Returns a path to a LUT file for the given flipbook.   Get the axis pivot_rotate knob  Get the axis pivot_translate knob  Get the axis rotate knob  Get the axis scaling knob  Get the axis translate knob  Get the axis uniform_scale knob  Returns the full name of the node, including any parents, separated by periods.  Generates the transformation matrix for a given node based on its knob values.  Get xyz rotation angles in radians for the prim in world space assuming zxy rotation order  Returns file names from all Read nodes.  Get whether rotation is enabled by the snap knob with the given prefix  Get whether scale is enabled by the snap knob with the given prefix   Get the currently selected prim  Gets the stage from the active viewer with the specified frame range.  Get whether translation is enabled by the snap knob with the given prefix  Build a GeoVertexSelection from GeoVertexInfos  Return points inside or on the bounding box of a prim in world space   Returns a random message for use as an untitled script name.   Builds a group from the current node selection.  Returns a string containing the number of bytes and the ISO/IEC units used.  Nuke 5.0 Py import_boujou.        Given a Vector3, returns the least significant axis position, being x, y and z 0, 1 and 2 respectively.  Given a Vector3, returns the least significant axis position, being x, y and z 0, 1 and 2 respectively.  Scan all of Nuke's plugin load paths and attempt to load any .dylib, .so, or .dll files as a plugin, skipping any files listed in PLUGINS_FILTER.     This method will either return true if a copy of the stage is needed, false otherwise.  Checks if the node is using the new 3D system.  Checks whether the node geometry is inside backdropNode    Called by the snap knobs to perform a pivot_to_selection/pivot_to_bbox/geo_to_selection operation.  Parsing a filename string in search of the udim number.  Translate and optionally rotate the specified node's Pivot Point to a chosen point on the currently selected prim's bounding box.  Translate and/or rotate the specified node's Pivot Point to the average position/rotation of the current vertex selection on the stage.  Calculate the rotations around the X, Y and Z axes that will align a plane perpendicular to the Z axis with the given triangle.  Calculate the rotations around the X, Y and Z axes in radians that will align a plane perpendicular to the Z axis with the given triangle.      Returns a list of all currently active callbacks, with the following optional arguments: verbose=False : prints the documentation as well as the callback callbackTypes=None : limit the callback info to a particular callback type (e.g. ['OnCreates']).  Project the given 3D point through the camera to get 2D pixel coordinates.  projectPoint(camera, points) -> list of nuke.math.Vector2  Using the specified camera, project all of the selected points into 2D pixel coordinates and return their locations.
rtype
    `list`  Register a flipbook.  Register a LUT for a specific flipbook.    Replace any sequences of 1 or more hash marks (#) with a printf-style %0nd specifier.  Generates a rotation XYZ matrix from the input vector.  Generates a rotation ZXY matrix from the input vector.   Rotate the specified node's Pivot Point to the average of the current vertex selection normals in the active viewer.    Rotate the geometry to the vertex selection (does not check for required conditions)  Generates a rotation XYZ matrix from the input vector.  Generates a rotation ZXY matrix from the input vector.  Rotate the pivot to rotation angles without affecting the geometry's position  Rotate the pivot to the vertex selection without affecting the geometry's position   Scale the geometry to the vertex selection (does not check for required conditions)  Generates a scaling matrix from the input vector.  Generates a scaling matrix from the input vector.      Increments the versioning in the script name and the path of the timeline write nodes, then saves the new version.  Search/Replace in Reads and Writes.  Menu command to select nodes by a glob-pattern name.  Included only for compatibility.  Return an iterator which yields the position of every point currently selected in the Viewer in turn.  Return an iterator which yields a tuple of the index and position of each point currently selected in the Viewer in turn.  selectedVertexInfos(selectionThreshold) -> iterator  Sets version of the filename knob to the passed in version.  Configure PyOpenGL for use with Nuke.  Returns whether we need to animate the knob by checking how many frames we are going to affect and whether we want to animate even if only a single frame will be affected.  Present a dialog that executes the given list of nodes.  Present a dialog that renders the given list of nodes.  Creates a tree containing memory information from tracked allocations.  Shows the current script path and, if the selected node is a Read or Write node, the filename from it.   Open a URL or file.  Swaps the first two inputs of a node.  Sets the version number in the file path of the 'timeline' write node  "Inverts" some flags on the selected nodes.  Generates the transformation matrix for a given node based on its knob values.  Generates a translation matrix from the input vector.   Translate the specified node's Pivot Point to the average position of the current vertex selection in the active viewer.   Pivot translation and rotation must keep the object stationary and in order to do that compensation values must be placed in the geometry translate and rotate.   Translate the specified node's Pivot Point to the average position of the current vertex selection and rotate the pivot to align Z to match the average normals in the active viewer.     Translate the specified node to the average position of the current vertex selection in the active viewer, rotate to the orientation of the (mean squares) best fit plane for the selection and scale to the extents of the selection.     Translate the specified node to the average position of the current vertex selection in the active viewer and rotate to the orientation of the (mean squares) best fit plane for the selection.     Translate the specified node to the average position of the current vertex selection in the active viewer.   Translate the geometry to the vertex selection (does not check for required conditions)  Generates a translation matrix from the input vector.  Translate the pivot to the vertex selection without affecting the geometry's position  Translate the pivot to world position without affecting the geometry's position  Pivot translation and rotation must keep the object stationary and in order to do that compensation values must be placed in the geometry translate and rotate.   Transpose Matrix3 in place    Imports a sequence of UDIM files and creates the node material tree needed.       Verify the transform/rotation order  Check knobs exist and current transform/rotation order is supported  GeoSelection should have at least 3 selected vertices for rotation  GeoSelection should have at least 1 selected vertex.  All new version_down that uses the version_get/set functions.  Extract version information from filenames used by DD (and Weta, apparently) These are _v# or /v# or .v# where v is a prefix string, in our case we use "v" for render version and "c" for camera track version.  Like version_up, but only goes up to the highest numbered version that exists.  Changes version information from filenames used by DD (and Weta, apparently) These are _v# or /v# or .v# where v is a prefix string, in our case we use "v" for render version and "c" for camera track version.  All new version_up that uses the version_get/set functions.

Classes ---   An interface, for so far as Python supports it.   A registery of all LUT files against LUTs for each specific flipbook.  Information on a single vertex in the selection  Selection container  Initialize self.   Initialize self.   Initialize self.      __init__(self) -> None __init__(self, arg__1: Sequence[str]) -> None  __init__(self, parent: Optional[PySide6.QtWidgets.QWidget] = None, f: PySide6.QtCore.Qt.WindowType = Default(Qt.WindowFlags)) -> None  __init__(self, parent: Optional[PySide6.QtWidgets.QWidget] = None, f: PySide6.QtCore.Qt.WindowType = Default(Qt.WindowFlags)) -> None __init__(self, text: str, parent: Optional[PySide6.QtWidgets.QWidget] = None, f: PySide6.QtCore.Qt.WindowType = Default(Qt.WindowFlags)) -> None  __init__(self, parent: Optional[PySide6.QtWidgets.QWidget] = None) -> None __init__(self, text: str, parent: Optional[PySide6.QtWidgets.QWidget] = None) -> None  __init__(self, arg__1: PySide6.QtCore.Qt.Orientation, parent: Optional[PySide6.QtWidgets.QWidget] = None) -> None __init__(self, parent: Optional[PySide6.QtWidgets.QWidget] = None) -> None  __init__(self) -> None __init__(self, parent: PySide6.QtWidgets.QWidget) -> None  __init__(self, parent: Optional[PySide6.QtWidgets.QWidget] = None, f: PySide6.QtCore.Qt.WindowType = Default(Qt.WindowFlags)) -> None   Initialize self.  Initialize self.   Initialize self.  Text I/O implementation using an in-memory buffer.  Initialize self.  Initialize self.   Initialize self.  Initialize self.  Dialog which gives the user options for resolving version conflicts  Helper class for storing the new version information   ---    Functions used by the ApplyMaterial node        Functions used by the CameraTracker node  This module contains classes for performing a capture of the viewer.  This module is in charge of discovery and populating the cattery toolbar.                     Code for handling changes in the localization default in the preferences and applying that as knob defaults on Read nodes.   Functions used by the ModelBuilder node                  Check for multiple views in files when a read node is created, by looking for a VIEW_NAMES entry in the node's metadata.                 Functions used by the UnrealReader node