# nukescripts.snap3d
Functions  Add a new snapping function to the list.---  Return an iterator which yields all nodes in the current script.   Return a selected point from the active viewer or the first viewer with a selection.  Returns a single VertexInfo for a selected point.  averageNormal(selectionThreshold -> _nukemath.Vector3 Return a _nukemath.Vector3 which is the average of the normals of all selected points  Calculate the average position of all points.    Call the snapping function on a node.  Calculate the projection matrix for the camera based on its knob values.  Iterates through the points the point and checks if all of them are collinear.
rtype
    `list`  Returns true if a value is very close to zero.  Adds two vectors ensuring the coordinates are actually 0.0 if they are 0.0001 of zero.  Determine the correct knob name prefix for the Axis knob names by checking the originating knob that triggered the snap menu action.   Given a Vector3, returns the least significant axis position, being x, y and z 0, 1 and 2 respectively.  Calculate the rotations around the X, Y and Z axes that will align a plane perpendicular to the Z axis with the given triangle.  Project the given 3D point through the camera to get 2D pixel coordinates.  projectPoint(camera, points) -> list of nuke.math.Vector2  Using the specified camera, project all of the selected points into 2D pixel coordinates and return their locations.
rtype
    `list`  Generates a rotation XYZ matrix from the input vector.  Generates a rotation ZXY matrix from the input vector.   Rotate the specified node's Pivot Point to the average of the current vertex selection normals in the active viewer.     Generates a scaling matrix from the input vector.  Return an iterator which yields the position of every point currently selected in the Viewer in turn.  Return an iterator which yields a tuple of the index and position of each point currently selected in the Viewer in turn.  Generates the transformation matrix for a given node based on its knob values.  Generates a translation matrix from the input vector.   Translate the specified node's Pivot Point to the average position of the current vertex selection in the active viewer.   Pivot translation and rotation must keep the object stationary and in order to do that compensation values must be placed in the geometry translate and rotate.   Translate the specified node's Pivot Point to the average position of the current vertex selection and rotate the pivot to align Z to match the average normals in the active viewer.     Translate the specified node to the average position of the current vertex selection in the active viewer, rotate to the orientation of the (mean squares) best fit plane for the selection and scale to the extents of the selection.     Translate the specified node to the average position of the current vertex selection in the active viewer and rotate to the orientation of the (mean squares) best fit plane for the selection.     Translate the specified node to the average position of the current vertex selection in the active viewer.

Classes ---